[docs] Add recipe about server-side data export (#19617)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/export/export.md

The clipboard export lets you copy the content of the Data Grid to the clipboard.
For more information, check the [Clipboard copy](/x/react-data-grid/clipboard/#clipboard-copy) docs.

## Recipes

### Server-side export [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan 'Pro plan')

> To export server-side data from the DataGrid, use [`updateRows()`](/x/react-data-grid/row-updates/#the-updaterows-method) to temporarily load all data before calling an export function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export server-side data from the Data Grid, use [`updateRows()`](/x/react-data-grid/row-updates/#the-updaterows-method) to temporarily load all data before calling an export function.
```

After the export completes, restore the rows to their original state.

> The following example shows how to export CSV data from a server-side data source.

Reviewer: reading this for the third time now ... it feels like this should be rephrased a bit:

```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to export data as CSV from a server-side data source.
```
